Final Project: Mobile Cordova and Ionic67 points
Directions
In this final project, you will build a todo list app using Cordova and Ionic. Follow the directions 
below and if you have any questions reach out to your instructor/mentor.

Build an Ionic app that uses AngularJS or angular2 to implement a simple todo list app. It should 
allow you to add todo items and mark item status as pending, complete, or overdue. It should allow 
you to update and delete todo items. It should allow you to view a list of all existing todo items, 
as well as just those todo items that are currently pending, as well as just those items that are
 currently overdue. Each todo item has a unique id field, as well as fields for the todo item named name and status.

The app should remember the todo item state over the ling term. To do that, you can store app state
 data in an embedded SQLite database, or a custom online web service that you host on a Azure or AWS,
  or just read and write the data to internal file storage on the local device. For more information 
  on Android storage options, see: Storage Options.

Of course, you can use google search and stackoverflow.com, as well as the many available tutorials 
and videos on the web. You can also use any GitHub repos that you can find that might help you develop 
your own solution. If you find a GitHub project or a tutorial example that is very close to meeting these 
assignment requirements, do try to customize it in some interesting and significant ways, because you will 
want a distinctive code example of your own, on your GitHub account, to show potential employers what you
 can do. However, you are permitted to copy and use any public domain code in your solution that you find 
 in any coding resources that might be helpful. Just be careful to check any copyright notices that may 
 exist within existing code to avoid copyrighted infringement.

Provide the link to your project solution, on GitHub, to your instructor for verification.